One_time_token generater with<br>
simple CLI<br>
In this assignment you will develop an event based one-time password (OTP) system. <br><br>
The system consists of the following components:<br>
1.A soft OTP token UI consistingof a push buttonand a textfield. Clicking on the button will generate and display the one-time password.<br>
2.A test UI which will prompt the user to provide the OTP, show access granted message only if the right OTP is entered.<br><br>
You will need to do the following:<br>
1.Develop, build and test the UI components.<br>
2.Implement a synchronization mechanism if the two apps get out of sync.<br>
[Optional –1%bonus]3.Perform Collision Resistance analysis on the OTP generation algorithm.<br>
Use the following algorithm to generate the OTPs:Feedback One-Time Password Algorithm(FOTP)Hash Feedback One-Time Password Algorithmdescribed in the following chart.<br>
Secret key is used as the initialization vector.<br>
The first OTP is generated by hashing this vector.<br>
The second OTP is generated by hashing the hash generated by the first the 1stOTP, and so on.<br>
TheOTP is calculated by  truncating  the  hash  into  a  six  digit hexadecimal value.<br>
The  lest  significant  hex  digits  will  be extracted as the OTP.<br>
<br>
1.Complete source code and screen captures of the running program.<br>
2.A study of the collision property. Generate 1,000,000 OTPs using your application. Show a graph describing how the collision propertyevolvesas the number of OTPs increases.<br>
3.A video recording showing a full demo of your apprication.<br>
